@noindent
@strong{New in version 1.2 compare to version 1.1}
This is a major release.

@enumerate
@item
New functions added: @code{add_tail}, @code{create_tail},
@code{get_tail}, @code{concat}. ABL now is a proper and effective
queue as well as a list or stack.

@item
Functions @code{foreach}, @code{findif}, @code{deleteif} were
changed. They accept parameters for testing function and can start
acting from some arbitrary element.

@item
Function @code{findif} has a side effect: it move point to the found
element.

@item
More examples. Most important is recursion demonstration example.

@item
Many improvements to the code and documentation.

@end enumerate

@noindent
@strong{New in version 1.11 compare to version 1.1}

This is a bug-fix release.

A serious missprint was fixed. The bug did not allowed to compile the
library on any compiler but gcc.
                                   
@noindent
@strong{New in version 1.1 compare to version 1.0}

This is a major release.

@enumerate
@item
New functions added: @code{reduce}, @code{sort}, @code{combsort},
@code{reproduce}.
@item
Function @code{get_car} is removed!
@item
Function @code{nreverse} is renamed to @code{reverse}.
@item
The documentation is revised and improved. Examples of
@code{reproduce} and @code{reduce} usage are included in docs.
@end enumerate

@noindent
@strong{New in version 1.0 compare to version 0.99}

This is a major release with a lot of big changes.

@enumerate
@item
car is no more a pointer (after discussion on
http://linux.org.ru). This changes how list elements are stored in
memory.
@item
Function @code{add_head_c} is deleted!  @xref{Interface}.
@item
Function @code{create_head_c} is deleted. Function @code{create_head}
was modify to unify both creation methods. @xref{Interface}.
@item
Make/destructor are renamed to make/destroy.  @xref{Make and
Destroy}.
@item
Major revision of the documentation. All examples and tests are
redone.
@item
ABL logo is created. ABL is now not ``Atoku's Basic List'' but rather
``Abstract Basic List''. Ha-ha!
@end enumerate

@noindent
@strong{New in version 0.99 compare to version 0.98}

This is a major release in spite of the minor change in numbers. After
extensive testing, it supposed to be version 1.0.

@enumerate
@item
New functions: @code{mapcar}, @code{add_head_c}, @code{create_head},
@code{create_head_c}.  @xref{Interface}.
@item
Constructor/Destructor feature. Well, it is pretty advances thing. I
did not see anything similar before. @xref{Make and
Destroy}.
@item
Completely revised documentation. There are some examples added to the
doc as well.
@end enumerate

@noindent
@strong{New in version 0.98 compare to version 0.9/0.95}

@enumerate
@item
New functions: @code{del_after_point} and @code{get_point_next}.
@xref{Interface}.
@item
New macros: @code{ABL_BEGIN_LOOP} and @code{ABL_END_LOOP}. @xref{The
Loop Macro}.
@item
Doxygen compatible comments. abl.h can be used to generate doxygen
documentation for your program (Documentation of this feature is to be
added later).
@item
@code{point_next} changed the name to @code{move_point_next}.
@end enumerate

